one/innovation/digital/types/typing/StrongTyping.java
 one.innovation.digital.types.typing.StrongTyping
one/innovation/digital/conditionals/IF.java
 one.innovation.digital.conditionals.IF
one/innovation/digital/classes/pessoas/ProgramaDoUsuario.java
 one.innovation.digital.classes.pessoas.ProgramaDoUsuario
one/innovation/digital/types/primitives/Primitives.java
 one.innovation.digital.types.primitives.Primitives
one/innovation/digital/operators/Equality.java
 one.innovation.digital.operators.Equality
one/innovation/digital/operators/Logic.java
 one.innovation.digital.operators.Logic
one/innovation/digital/operators/Increment.java
 one.innovation.digital.operators.Increment
one/innovation/digital/operators/Math.java
 one.innovation.digital.operators.Math
one/innovation/digital/types/typing/TypeInference.java
 one.innovation.digital.types.typing.TypeInference
one/innovation/digital/classes/usuarios/ProgramaDoSuperUsuario.java
 one.innovation.digital.classes.usuarios.ProgramaDoSuperUsuario
one/innovation/digital/enums/Status.java
 one.innovation.digital.enums.Status
one/innovation/digital/abstracts/Program.java
 one.innovation.digital.abstracts.Program
one/innovation/digital/strings/Strings.java
 one.innovation.digital.strings.Strings
one/innovation/digital/types/wrappers/Wrappers.java
 one.innovation.digital.types.wrappers.Wrappers
one/innovation/digital/operators/Relationals.java
 one.innovation.digital.operators.Relationals
one/innovation/digital/strings/BuilderDeString.java
 one.innovation.digital.strings.BuilderDeString
one/innovation/digital/types/nonprimitives/Unboxing.java
 one.innovation.digital.types.nonprimitives.Unboxing
one/innovation/digital/types/typing/StaticTyping.java
 one.innovation.digital.types.typing.StaticTyping
one/innovation/digital/classes/usuarios/SuperUsuario.java
 one.innovation.digital.classes.usuarios.SuperUsuario
one/innovation/digital/statics/Program.java
 one.innovation.digital.statics.Program
one/innovation/digital/loops/For.java
 one.innovation.digital.loops.For
one/innovation/digital/classes/pessoas/PhysicPerson.java
 one.innovation.digital.classes.pessoas.PhysicPerson
one/innovation/digital/abstracts/Square.java
 one.innovation.digital.abstracts.Square
one/innovation/digital/abstracts/GeometricForm.java
 one.innovation.digital.abstracts.GeometricForm
one/innovation/digital/statics/Dog.java
 one.innovation.digital.statics.Dog
one/innovation/digital/types/nonprimitives/NonPrimitives.java
 one.innovation.digital.types.nonprimitives.NonPrimitives
one/innovation/digital/classes/pessoas/Pessoa.java
 one.innovation.digital.classes.pessoas.Pessoa
one/innovation/digital/loops/While.java
 one.innovation.digital.loops.While
